hi I'm Kate and I love my nook color
critics praised this award-winning
readers tablet as fantastic a great
reading experience the best eReader and
android tablet it's already my favorite
device for reading but now it's the best
for so much more Nook Color now has
popular apps full-featured email plus an
enhanced web experience with Adobe Flash
Player all in this incredible 7-inch
device let me show you how cool this is
with nook apps you can explore your
favorite interests like cooking or
travel or learn about something new and
keep on top of just about everything
plus their apps to organize your day
keep track of to do's prepare for work
and plan your next vacation you can
unwind whenever you feel like it with
fun games and challenging brain teasers
and there are even apps made just for
kids so they can be entertained and
engaged those long car trips will fly
right by getting apps on Nook Color is a
breeze just tap shop to browse a variety
of engaging apps and games and then
download them to your nook color in
seconds let me show you some apps that I
love pulse newsreader is my favorite way
to get up-to-the-minute news I can scan
top stories tap the one I want to read
and share it with friends I can also
check the weather read my new horoscope
check emails from friends and clients
create edit and share office documents
from work and enjoy my favorite music
anytime anywhere
with such an amazing array of apps no
color has something for everyone no
matter what you like to do I love to
cook and the Epicurious app is perfect
for helping me find new and delicious
recipes to experiment with I just
mastered the art of making risotto and
it's so handy to have this app right on
my home screen next to my cookbooks and
magazines I also love to travel next
year I'm planning a trip to Italy and
I'm already brushing up on some key
phrases with the help of Lonely Planet
variability yeah I'm also having fun
browsing my favorite websites and
enjoying stunning videos for extra
inspiration with over 16 million colors
on the vivid view touchscreen games like
Angry Birds come alive and are
completely absorbing but when I'm in the
mood for a mind-bending challenge there
are tons of apps that get my wheels
turning and I'm not the only one having
more fun with my Nook Color my kids love
all the new apps there are entertaining
and educational apps for kids of all
ages to enjoy drawing pad let's budding
artists have fun drawing and doodling in
bright vivid color and this adorable
Sandra Boynton app is a perfect treat
for my kids to enjoy at the end of a
long day right before their head hits
the pillow the ticket Ock app brings my
daughter's imagination to life letting
us share a story she created all by
herself she just loves to read her very
own book and it's a fun way to relive
special times we've shared together
whether I want to read learn play or
just unwind
now look colors lets me do it all the
award-winning readers tablet just keeps
getting better visit your local Barnes &
Noble store and let the expert
booksellers guide you through an
unforgettable experience of all that
Nook Color has to offer it's the best
for reading and for so much more